contact@mtouchlabs.com
+91 9390683154
+1 908 799 4006
HOME
 
SERVICES
 
PRODUCTS
 
RESOURCES
 
PORTFOLIO
 
CAREERS
 
CONTACT US
 
Request Quote
 INSTISERV
Staff And Student Management Enterprise Mobile App Development

Our Instiserv Enterprise App Development is to manage student and staff data

About Instiserv

InstiServ by Dakshatha is a Staff management and Student management Enterprise mobile app development . If you are running an institute or online training classes and want to automate your business operations and manage the entire staff duties and monitor them easily, then you need enterprise mobile application development and you are in the right place. The process of obtaining as well as managing the workforce has changed more over the last decade. With remote working options, flexible work hours, and various locations, companies find it challenging to manage and track their workforce.

The productivity of the business becomes an additional concern in such situations. We design and develop an enterprise mobile app development solution for student management and staff management that simplifies your daily staff member tasks and addresses your business requirements. Instiserv Staff management and Student management enterprise mobile application development allows multiple operations for various training institutes with features like Staff hiring, online attendance, fees & expense management, class scheduling, student communications, leave access, and much more.

   

This Enterprise Management Staff Management App simplifies the internal processes of the admin department. It helps organizations or institutes improve staff engagement and satisfaction as well as improve the productivity of the admin. At OneClick, we first enlist your requirements and organizational strength.

This helps us offer you the staff and student enterprise management app that best matches your institute’s needs. For most institutes, the main question is what will be the budget for developing a Staff and Student Enterprise mobile app development . This is dependent on several parameters – the expertise and experience of developers, the type of features, organization strength, and requirement.

Android

Java

nodeJS

Angular

MySql

Staff Management Enterprise Mobile Application Development Of Instiserv Admin

Let’s go through the features of this Enterprise Mobile Application Development

Improve Employee Productivity

We develop Android app development and iOS app development that improves the productivity of individual employees. The office applications can be extended to employees’ devices, allowing them to securely carry out important business functions anytime and anywhere. Also, the availability of accurate reports and quick scheduling classes give smoother and smarter operations.

Data Accuracy & Device Sharing
Deliver Great Customer Experience
Increased ROI
Typography
Aa

Arial
Bold

Aa

Merriweather
Regular

Student Management Enterprise APP Development
Mobile Application Development

Our Instiserv Student Managemententerprise App development is an online integrated software app to manage student data. Instiserv is designed to help the students manage all the essential day to day curricular activities.

 

This enterprise App development is integrated with each module to provide real-time alerts on class schedules, leave requests, messages, student profiles, and payments. IT allows only authorized staff members to access the record of registered students. We can easily view the student’s information anytime from anywhere using this enterprise Mobile Application development .

Color palette
Blue-Violet (Crayola)

#666CBA

Dark Gunmetal

#212429

Davy's Grey

#555555

Cultured

#F5F5F5

White

#FFFFFF

App Screens

Check Out Our Outstanding App Screens Of Dakshata Enterprise App Development

 
Features

1. Manage Locations

Operate from multiple locations and track location performance of the staff in terms of sales and expense. Shuffle the staff between places.

 

2. Manage Classes

Schedule a class, distribute students between classes. Assign an alternate staff for any scheduled class to make sure that the class is not left unattended by staff in case the primary staff member is on leave

 

3. Attendance

Track the student attendance in the app and inform parents instantly about their child’s absence. You will also have the accessibility to review the record of attendance of a student for each class/session.

 

4. Manage Staff

Staff will have the ability to log in to the app and view the scheduled classes, appointments, take attendance, and request leaves.

 

5. Online Payments

No limitation of date, time, and location, get paid throughout the day from anywhere. No more added delays and settle payments directly from the payment gateway.

 

6. Leaves

Get informed of the staff leaves, approve leaves or decline the leaves of the staff with all the knowledge of the appointed classes or sessions, and schedule with alternate staff.

 

7. Holidays

Inform parents about holidays or about the institute’s non-operational days. Avoid any last-minute schedule changes, helping parents plan the holiday well.

 

8. Communication

Streamline communication by Informing the parents about class cancellation/reschedule, payment dues, leaves, appointments, and student attendance.

 

9. Reviews

Allows users to express their feedback of unsatisfied parents/students. Attend their feedback and improve customer satisfaction.

Benefits

1. Centralized Registration with student login

 

2. Scheduling class

 

3. Student Attendance

 

4. Leave Requests

 

5. Messages to Trainers

 

6. Remarks & Complaints

 

7. Time Table Management

 

8. Payments

   
 Previous Project Next Project 
Contact info
 9390683154
 +91 9390683154
 contact@mtouchlabs.com
 careers@mtouchlabs.com
Follow Us
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 linkedin
 Youtube
Services
Hire Dedicated Developers
Web App Development
Mobile App Development
Search Engine Optimization
Pay-Per-Click
Social Media Marketing
Useful Links
Software Development Services
E-commerce Development
Content Management Services
iPhone App Development
IOT solutions
Portfolio
ADJD - Judicial App
Golkonda - E-Commerce App
RYS - Bike Riding App
Dubshoot - Music & Video App
Khidkee - Grocery App
Astrograha - Astrology App
Esra - Beauty App
    
Overall client rating is 4.9 for mTouch Labs
Our Brochure 

Copyright © mtouchLabs. All rights reserved.